No Sign of Rise
A whole year of dedication and devotion
Much burden, no concern
I heard that we've been turning out profitable
But until now
No reward ?
Working so hard, where is my cash ?
Tet is coming, no paying
If my wife knows about this now
For sure I will be grounded
Finally, Boss has come forward
Promising a reward
All my time paid off
But no
For this
Bonus is not worth it
Working so hard, where is my cash ?
Maybe boss doesn't care about us anymore
If my wife knows about this now
For sure I will be grounded
Price are so high , But no wage rise
Waiting...
Still no sign
We are losing our minds
Boss, you should know that
We do this for passion
You gave us your word
Out there, lots of companies
Offering sweet paycheck
But we don't give a heck
Love this place
But recently, why pay so lousy?
You raise it or we quit ;(
Leaving all of you behind
Better place we will find
Prices are so high
But no wage rise
Waiting...
Still no sign
We are losing our minds
Boss, you should know that
we do this for passion.
You gave us your word
Out there, lots of companies
Offering sweet paycheck
But we don't give a heck
Love this place
But recently, why pay so lousy?
You raise it or we quit ;(
Leaving all of you behind
Better place we will find
Don't you raise it >"<
Or we quit x(